HelloFresh Confidential

    Agency Support for HelloFresh UK
    Experiential & Festival Activations

                             Event production request

             RFP Issue Date: 22 January 2026
           Proposal Deadline: 9 February 2026

                                                     HelloFresh SE
                                             https://www.hellofresh.de/
                                       Prinzenstr. 89, 10969 Berlin, Germany

                                                    Chia-Ching Kang
                                         chia-ching.kang@hellofresh.com

                                                             HelloFresh Confidential
HelloFresh Confidential

Instructions to Vendors                                  3

Statement of Work                                        3

RFP Instructions                                         3

Process Timeline                                         3

Clarification                                            4

Ineligibility Conditions                                 4

Specification & Requirements                             5

Business Introduction                                    5

Scope of Work                                            5

Commercial Offers                                        8

Proposal Submission Guidelines                           9

Delivery of Proposals                                    9

Submission Format                                        9

Awarding Process                                         10

Terms & Conditions                                       11

                                HelloFresh Confidential
HelloFresh Confidential

Instructions to Agencies

Statement of Work

This RFP sets out the background and requirements for selecting an agency to plan and deliver HelloFresh
UK's pop-up cooking workshop and brand experience at Latitude Festival, 23-26 July 2026.
We are looking for a creative proposal which shows the Latitude audience, and those following along via
social media, that HelloFresh is the ultimate dinnertime partner. While there will be multiple food vendors
at Latitude, the HelloFresh space will be a space for families to convene, cook along with our expert chefs,
and eat together around communal tables.
The selected partner may be awarded a contract based solely on previous relevant experience, commercial
competitiveness, operational capability, and cost transparency.
The successful company once selected will enter a non-exclusive contract with HelloFresh.

RFP Instructions

This RFP has been issued to a restricted number of companies who have already indicated their interest in
providing the service detailed within this RFP and are considered to be credible potential partners. Each
such Company is hereinafter referred to as the Agencies.
This RFP specifies HelloFresh requirements and invites proposals from Agencies for the provision of the
services defined within it. HelloFresh reserves the right to award contracts by item, part or portion of an
item, group of items or total proposal, or to reject any and all proposals in whole or in part, if, in
HelloFresh's judgment, the best interests of HelloFresh will be served.
This RFP will be governed by the NDA signed in January 2026.

Process Timeline

The following schedule of events will be followed to complete the selection of the successful Agency based
on this RFP. HelloFresh reserves the right to change this schedule at any time. Agencies must comply with
all deadlines to meet HelloFresh's implementation schedules. Agencies must submit all questions on this
RFP by the Message Center in Workday to the contact mentioned in the Clarification section.
We'd like to invite shortlisted agencies to present their cost/budget proposal for the project 9-11 February
2026. The shortlist will be selected from the emailed presentations and cost breakdowns as listed in the
`commercial offers' section of this file.

                                                             HelloFresh Confidential
HelloFresh Confidential

Proposed timeline

                           Task                                       Date
                                                                   Complete
NDA Submission                                                    22 January
                                                                  9 February
RFP Release Date                                                9 - 11 February
                                                                 12 February
RFP Close Date - Submitting Proposals                           13-17 February
                                                                 18 February
HelloFresh to Review RFP Responses

Finalists Selection

Commercial & Legal Review

Supplier Nomination

Clarification

Any question related to the proposal must be directed to the Procurement Team whose name appears
below. The Agencies shall not contact or ask questions of the HelloFresh department for which the contract
is being procured, unless so directed elsewhere in this document.

Chia-Ching.Kang // chia-ching.kang@hellofresh.com

The Agency is requested to submit in writing questions regarding the specifications, discrepancies,
omissions or any apparent ambiguities to the attention of HelloFresh not less than one (1) working days
before proposal closing time. Questions will be limited to 5 per Agency.

The questions shall be reviewed, and where the information sought is not already clearly indicated,
HelloFresh shall issue an addendum to all Agencies which shall become part of the contract documents.

Addenda are the only means of verifying, clarifying, or changing any of the information contained in this
RFP. No employee or agent of HelloFresh, other than a member identified above is authorized to change the
content of this proposal and/or any addenda. It is requested that receipt of all addenda be acknowledged in
the space provided on the Proposal Form.

HelloFresh will not grant requests for individual meetings in person or virtual with Agencies to answer any
question before the closing deadline or before contract award, unless otherwise indicated in this
document.

                                       HelloFresh Confidential
HelloFresh Confidential

Ineligibility Conditions

It is essential that your proposal thoroughly addresses and completes each requirement identified in the
proposal:

1. Incomplete proposals may be declared non-responsive;
2. Proposals that are improperly signed, conditional, illegible, obscure, or contain
arithmetical errors, erasures, alterations, or irregularities of any kind may be considered invalid;
3. Where there is a discrepancy, written amounts shall take precedence over figure amounts;
4. HelloFresh considers there is a real or potential conflict of interest between it and any
Supplier involved in breach of contract litigation with HelloFresh and any vendor involved in such
litigation is ineligible to submit a bid.

Specification & Requirements

Business Introduction

The HelloFresh Group is a global digital-native FMCG company and the world's leading meal kit
provider. The HelloFresh Group consists of eight brands that provide customers with high quality
food and recipes for different meal occasions. The Company was founded in Berlin in November
2011 and operates in the USA, the UK, Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, Australia,
Austria, Switzerland, Canada, New Zealand, Sweden, France, Denmark, Norway, Italy, Ireland and
Spain. In Q1 2025 the HelloFresh Group delivered c. 240 million meals globally. HelloFresh SE went
public on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in November 2017 and is currently traded on the MDAX
(Mid-Cap German Stock Market Index). The HelloFresh Group has offices in Berlin, Saarbrücken,
New York, Chicago, Boulder, London, Amsterdam, Sydney, Toronto, Auckland, Paris, Copenhagen,
Milan, Dublin and Barcelona.
We serve the whole of the UK via our Distribution Centres, the Granary and Windmill. From here we
can deliver boxes to the north of Scotland and all the way to the Channel Islands!

Product Offering

HelloFresh is a meal kit service offering customers a weekly choice of 80+ different recipes across a
variety of meal preferences: family-friendly, vegetarian, quick and easy and classic. Customers can
choose between a 2 to 5 person box.

All of our recipes are curated in-house by our team of recipe developers and can be cooked in as
little as 15 minutes, and 3 step recipes. The majority of the menu requires only 6 steps to prepare

                                                             HelloFresh Confidential
HelloFresh Confidential

and often in under 30 Min. Flavor, variety and ease of cooking are the three things we always have
in mind when creating our recipes, with the aim to make mealtimes something that are looked
forward to.

Customers can plan their meals several weeks ahead by ordering through our website and the box
is then delivered by HelloFresh to their doorstep at the time chosen by them.

The ingredients for each meal are pre-portioned in individual kits, reducing food waste. Each meal
is accompanied by a recipe card featuring step-by-step instructions, an ingredient list, and
nutritional information to guide the customers. The service is subscription-based with the option to
pause or cancel at any time.

In addition to the fresh meals, we also offer desserts, ready-to-heat meals and other products as
add-ons offered through HelloFresh Market.

Business Objectives
    1. Primary Objective: Drive brand relevance whilst reinforcing our brand position as the top
         choice for families midweek dinner across the UK. The goal is to therefore attract new
         customers through building the brand.
    2. Secondary Objective: Drive earned media value through social amplification by delivering
         a highly visible, shareable, and engaging festival activation that can also be adapted for
         smaller events.

Target Audience
Demographic Profile

     Adults aged 30+
     Household income Ł40­Ł150K
     Families with children aged 8­18+ living at home

Please find our Global Positioning summary here

Audience Summary
We are targeting high-achieving families who balance demanding careers and busy home lives with
children or teens. These parents want to provide nutritious meals, save time, and support their
children as they gain independence.

The Problem
We want to become synonymous with midweek dinners, family time and connection. We would like
to use Latitude Festival as an opportunity to encourage families to start new dinnertime habits with
HelloFresh.

                                                             HelloFresh Confidential
HelloFresh Confidential

The Insight
We know that:

     Midweek dinner is tough for a lot of families
     People want to spend more time together as a family
     People want to cook healthy foods for their kids, but in the midweek rush, that can be really

         hard

We want to help families get into the habit of a midweek dinnertime together as an enjoyable family
experience that they can take home with them after the festival thanks to HelloFresh.

Context for Activation
We want to bring this idea to life through a large-scale festival activation at Latitude that invites
parents and children to cook HelloFresh meals together. This should be a standout physical
experience that is visible, engaging, and highly shareable.

We envisage a cookalong experience, with an integrated space to eat together. Ideally this is a
sheltered /weatherproof space.

Our pitch area is 10m x 12m and we would like to maximise the space.

Due to the nature of the agreement with Latitude, we cannot function as an all-day eatery/cafeteria
space (as other food vendors are present). Instead, we would aim to run food workshops from 3pm
until 8 or 9pm in the evening. Earlier in the day, we could potentially open the space for families to
sit and create crafts together (budget dependent).

We would advertise the workshops to the attendees ahead of the festival. We will likely price the
attendance at Ł5-10 per family, which will be given to our charity partner Felix Project.

The workshops
We envisage each workshop lasting 20-30 minutes, plus a little pack down and prep time required
in between each workshop. We would like to be able to run workshops back to back throughout the
afternoon and evening.
Our in-house chef, Mimi Morley, will be on-hand to run some of the workshops, however, we would
also require a hired chef to manage the rest. This chef would also be responsible for supporting
groups while they cook along with Mimi.
We also require a full team to support in the pack downs, prep, etc.

Modular Flexibility:
The Latitude activation is designed to be scalable, allowing key components - such as cooking
stations, content capture setups, and branded experiences - to be adapted for smaller events
without losing impact or engagement, if possible.

                                                             HelloFresh Confidential
HelloFresh Confidential

Requirements for modularity:
     Needs to be weather flexible, ideally to work even if outside in bad weather but also have
         elements that can be used exclusively indoors if needed.
     Practicality - modular elements need to be able to easily dismantle, move & store.
     Evergreen branding - needs to have more generic HelloFresh branding rather than being
         event specific. Can have removable banners so that branding can be tweaked if different
         messaging is needed for a particular event.

Budget
The budget for this activity is Ł200k.
The fee for Latitude will be covered separately. The Ł200k must cover all build, staffing etc (as
outlined below).

Commercial Offers

All commercial proposals must include open book price details, including cost breakdown.

Contract duration: Suppliers must consider a one-off project based contract period. It may be
extended for up to one additional year contract beyond the original acceptance award, for a total of
two years. The additional one year renewal is contingent upon satisfactory performance. It must be
agreed upon project plan. Cost information must be valid during the contract period. Any changes
thereafter must be submitted in writing with proper justification.

Invoicing period: monthly, at the end of each month.

Payment terms: net 45 days.

Pricing Model: Suppliers must detail their unit price per employee and provide an open-book cost
breakdown covering all staffing, build, production, and tangible elements required for the festival
activations. Please include the following placeholders:

A. Staffing Costs
 Role type and day rate (e.g., event manager, chef, brand ambassador, crew)
 Number of staff required per event
 Number of activation days per event
 Staffing ramp-up plan (e.g., build days, training days, live days, de-rig days)
 Training and induction costs
 Travel, accommodation, and per diem requirements
 Uniform costs allocated per staff member
 Any overtime, weekend, or bank holiday rate variations
 Specialist staffing roles (if applicable)
 Dedicated Project manager - please share a quote for a dedicated PM to assist with the
project, as we don't have a dedicated Events Manager in-house.


                                                             HelloFresh Confidential
HelloFresh Confidential

B. Build & Production Costs
 Design and concept development costs
 Fabrication of structures, staging, or set pieces
 Installation and de-rig labour costs
 Transport and logistics for the build
 Storage and handling (pre, during, and post event)
 Power, water, or utility requirements for the build
 Maintenance or repair allowance for touring items
 Health and safety, compliance, and risk assessment production

C. Tangible Items & Equipment
 Cooking equipment and appliances
 Furniture and fixtures (e.g., counters, seating, workstations)
 Branding materials and signage
 Lighting, AV, and technical equipment
 Consumables and disposables (e.g., utensils, tableware, cleaning materials)
 Food ingredients and on-site replenishment
 Packaging for transportation and storage
 Replacement cost allowance for wear-and-tear items

D. Optional / Variable Costs
 Scalable build options for large vs. small events
 Additional creative or content capture packages
 Contingency allocation
 Any other supplier-specific costs

Proposal Submission Guidelines

RFP Brief Q&A

Please collect your open questions and share them with the HelloFresh team by the due date below. We will
address all the agencies' questions and share the responses with all agencies within a maximum of 4
business days.

-  Submit your questions directly on the platform Workday, through the message centre.

-  Respect the limit of maximum 5 questions per agency.

-  Fill in your questions and send them by 30 January by 16:00 GMT.

-  Questions after this period are not guaranteed to be answered.

                         HelloFresh Confidential
HelloFresh Confidential

We aim to address your questions by 3 February.

Delivery of Proposals

Agencies are responsible for ensuring that the RFP is submitted on time via Workday. If you have any
questions, you can reach out through the Workday message centre.

Proposals are due by 16:00 GMT on 9 February. HelloFresh reserves the right to disqualify any agency who
has not submitted a proposal by the due date.

Submission Format

Each Agency proposal shall answer all questions raised in this RFP and must contain responses that are
consistent with the structure and sequencing detailed within this document.
Please ensure your documents are in a simple to read format and layout, considering:
 Budgeting Details: PDF and live file (excel or Google Sheets)
 Portfolio/Relevant Experience: Please include a separate section with examples of recent, relevant
work that demonstrates your experience in delivering large-scale festival or experiential activations,
including an overview of the client, scope of work, and key results.

Agencies will be invited to send cost proposals via email.

Awarding Process

All proposals will be evaluated systematically, based on the budget criteria. The purpose of this section is to
identify agencies with the interest and capabilities to provide the required services within a reasonable
budget.

Terms & Conditions

HelloFresh is committed to a response process which maintains the highest level of integrity. As a
result, Suppliers, consultants, their agents, liaisons, advocates, representatives or others promoting
their position are prohibited from contacting HelloFresh. Other than with the designated contacts,
contact with any of HelloFresh participants, employees, contractors, subcontractors, consultants
and/or those individuals having influence on the participants of the decision-making process,
whether that notice is oral or written, formal or informal, outside of this process is strictly
prohibited. Any attempt to influence the outcome of the RFP study outside of the process
described herein will be automatic grounds for disqualification of the Supplier's response.
Suppliers will have adequate opportunity to obtain the needed information as part of the planned
RFP process. All Suppliers will receive the same information. Vendors should carefully respect this
provision.

                                                             HelloFresh Confidential
HelloFresh Confidential

All communications, including RFP submissions must be directed only to the designated
representative of HelloFresh listed above in the Clarification section.

HelloFresh reserves the right to disqualify any Supplier in the event that providing these products
may adversely affect existing business relationships.

Proposals received after the date and time specified will be disqualified. Unsolicited corrections
and/or modifications received after the closing time specified will not be accepted.

The Suppliers are responsible for completely defining all charges which HelloFresh should expect to
incur, whether or not they have been specifically requested in the RFP and must guarantee those
prices for twelve (12) months to allow HelloFresh sufficient time to make an informed decision.

HelloFresh reserves the right to verify all information provided by a Supplier via direct contact with
the Supplier's prior clients and prior personnel. Suppliers must agree to provide and release
necessary authorizations for HelloFresh to verify any of the Supplier's previous work. Misstatements
of experience and scope of prior work are grounds for disqualification of the Supplier.

Suppliers found to have used the proposals, in whole or part, submitted by other Suppliers shall be
disqualified from this RFP.

The participating Supplier shall bear all costs associated with the preparation and submission of
the proposal up to the final award of the contract. HelloFresh will in no case be responsible or liable
for those costs, regardless of the conduct or outcome of the procurement process.

Any proposal prepared for and submitted to HelloFresh in response to this Request shall become
the property of HelloFresh.

HelloFresh reserves the right to reject any and all proposals submitted, to cancel this request or any
part thereof at any time without prior notice, and to accept the proposal of any other party if it
deems such action to be in the best interest of HelloFresh. Furthermore, HelloFresh reserves the
right to award based on initial offers or those subsequently requested, and to further negotiate with
any and all Suppliers.

HelloFresh reserves the right to:
 Award contracts on the basis of proposals for individual items, groups of items, or the entire
list of items;
 Reject any or all proposals, or any part thereof;
 Waive any informality in the proposals; and
 Contract in the best interest of HelloFresh.

HelloFresh's decision shall be final.

                                                             HelloFresh Confidential
HelloFresh Confidential

All Supplier representations to HelloFresh, whether verbal or written, will be relied on by HelloFresh
in its evaluation of potential Suppliers. HelloFresh's reliance on the Suppliers' represented
expertise in this type of transaction is to be considered as incorporated into any and all formal
agreements between the parties.

HelloFresh will evaluate a Supplier's "confidence in its own ability to perform" based on a given
vendor's willingness to provide HelloFresh with meaningful contractual assurances and remedies,
which HelloFresh may exercise in the event of that Supplier's non-performance.

In summation of HelloFresh's general objectives regarding this RFP, HelloFresh has a sincere desire
to award the transaction based on reliable information. In other words, responsive vendors to this
RFP will have demonstrated their agreement to not make verbal or written assurances, unless they
can actually perform as described in said assurances.

Confidentiality Agreement: The information contained in this Request is confidential and is
disclosed for the sole purpose of providing each Supplier with sufficient information to develop and
submit a Proposal. Further use or disclosure of this Request or the information contained herein for
purposes other than preparation of proposals without obtaining the prior written consent of
HelloFresh is prohibited.

Warranties: The successful Supplier will warrant that all services or products proposed hereunder
will conform to applicable specifications, scopes of work, instructions, charts, and/or data provided
by the vendor, and will be of good tradesmanship, will be fit and sufficient for the purposes
intended by HelloFresh, and will be free from all liens and encumbrances. These warranties will be
in addition to all other warranties, express, implied, or statutory. All warranties will survive
acceptance of any payment for any and all services ordered.

Assignment and Subcontracting: This Agreement and the obligations of the vendor hereunder
may/may not be subcontracted, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of HelloFresh.
HelloFresh is under no obligation to any subcontractors.

Insurance and Indemnification: Supplier agrees that it will maintain adequate insurance at its
own expense to cover its indemnity and other obligations to HelloFresh under this Agreement.

Supplier agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold HelloFresh and their directors, officers,
representatives, agents, and employees harmless from all claims, damages, liability, and expenses
resulting from any act or omission of Supplier in connection with the agreement. Supplier agrees to
defend any and all claims, lawsuits, or other legal proceedings brought against HelloFresh arising
out of the Supplier's acts or omissions. The Supplier Shall pay the full cost of the defense and any
resulting judgments.

                                                             HelloFresh Confidential
HelloFresh Confidential

Termination - Termination for Cause: HelloFresh reserves the right to cancel all or any part of this
Agreement if the successful Supplier fails to deliver the Services in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement to the satisfaction of HelloFresh. Such cancellation shall be in writing and may be
without notice and shall not result in any penalty or other charges to HelloFresh.
Termination for Convenience: In addition to the remedy provided in any other clause within the
Agreement, HelloFresh may, at its option, terminate this Agreement at any time during the Term,
and, if such option is exercised, then this Agreement will terminate 30 (thirty) days after the date
such written notice is received or deemed received, by the successful Proponent and HelloFresh will
be under no further obligation to the successful Proponent, except to pay to the successful
Proponent such amount as the successful Proponent may be entitled to receive, pursuant to
Payment for the Services provided to the date of termination. Such termination will not result in
any penalty to HelloFresh, unless otherwise agreed to and as specified in this Agreement.
Exclusivity: During the term of our partnership, your agency agrees to not enter into new
agreements or provide services to any of our direct competitors.
Should your agency be approached by a competitor during our partnership for services that are
similar to those we provide, you must inform us in writing immediately. We will then have the
exclusive right of first refusal to propose a new scope of work or an amendment to our existing
agreement.
Additionally, your agency is required to maintain strict information barriers. The team dedicated to
our projects must be completely separate from any team serving a competitor. This ensures that no
confidential HelloFresh information is ever shared with or accessed by competing teams. This is a
non-negotiable term for protecting our sensitive business data.

                                                             HelloFresh Confidential
