                                THE TASK

LAUNCH THE TABLì

CREATE                    DELIVER

A memorable               Tier 1 media coverage,
High engagement           Awareness,
Immersive / experiential  Trial and conversion
Premium activation
                                   INTRODUCING

RITUALS REWRITTEN

    Launching TABLì into the UK market with an experience that challenges perceptions,
blending the innovation of new technology with the ritual of slow experiences, heightening

               the senses for authentic Italian coffee, only Lavazza TABLì can provide.
                          A made for media, ambassadors and KOLs experience.
OUR APPROACH TO
TALENT & CREATORS

The adaption of TABLì for Italy (Milan) was all about
design and architecture, which worked for an Italian
audience, and Italian media.
Our adaption for the UK changes our focus onto culture,
music, "It" people ­ we call them tastemakers ­ who
become key for influencing audience behaviours, and
media attraction as the resonation works better.
THE SPACE

An experience in the shape of the TABLì itself.

Our goal is to create an installation as
something to step into and contemplate
rather than rush through. The scale feels
impressive, premium and alluring.

Utilising solid colour and clean lines to create
a sense of quiet that draws people in without
shouting for attention
THE
TECHNICAL
DETAILS

With a diameter of c. 12m the space is
designed to hold ~50-70 people at a time, the
experience is centred around the TABLì,
putting TABLì at the heart of the room and the
experience, meaning the machine and coffee
is the first thing you are welcomed with when
you step inside.

With a total of 4 experiences each with a
focus on a sense and ritual to challenge and
change.

Although self-guided visitors can spend as
much time as they would like within the
experience.
RITUAL 1

This a focus on sight to the forefront, the joy of
the TABLì is that you get to see the actual
coffee you're drinking before it goes into the
machine and comes out as a perfect
espresso.

Utilising light in an interesting way that feels
premium and elevates the experience and
enjoyment. Creating a moment in which they
can capture, for their own important and
curated social feeds.
RITUAL 2

Uses aroma as the main driver, with a playful
approach to sensory design. Creating a singular
moment pumping out the aroma which our
machines create.

A curated coffee aroma drifts through the
space in controlled waves rather than a
constant stream. It catches visitors off guard
and makes them pause.

The scent feels familiar but the environment
around it feels surreal, which pushes people to
notice it more.
RITUAL 3

The entire installation is connected by one evolving
soundscape, designed to create a sense of
movement and coherence.

Created and sampled from real coffee sounds like
grinding, pouring, tamping, crema settling and
stretch or layer them until they become ambient
textures.

The sound carries a natural "Italian pace" slower,
warmer, more spacious. Long pauses. Soft reverb.
Gentle textures. It echoes the idea of taking time,
noticing detail, and living with intention.
THE EXPERIENCE

Every part of the experience is designed to set
them up for changing the perspectives and
the way that they look at pre-existing systems.

With coffee and TABLì at the heart of the
experience meaning visitors can come in to
simply try the machine and coffee or to
undertake the full experience, that's up to
them, exactly as our audience would act.

Stop, slow down, enjoy the wonder and joy
with the magic that tech and innovation can
provide.
RETAIL SPACE

Finally, a section of the space will be setup for
retail, allowing those who attend to pre-order
or purchase the new TABLì machine whilst
there.

With trained experts able to explain the
features and uses to customers.

Alternatively, instead of the logistics of a retail
section, every visitor could be provided a
tracked discount to those who attend.
A MODULAR
SPACE

Designed and built so that each section of the
space can be re-purposed for other events
throughout the year.

- Utilised throughout sampling mechanics
- Integrated into partnership moments
- Taken to conferences/trade

That way if we want the launch to develop
beyond a key London launch, it can be done
with the most cost-effective method.
LANDING IN A LOCATION                                                          IN ORDER OF PREFERENCE
WHERE WE KNOW
OUR AUDIENCE WILL BE

Battersea Power Station                   Coal Drops Yard                      Truman Brewery

London's newest hotspot, offering         Kings Cross is quickly becoming the  Adds huge creative credibility.
scale, prestige and high footfall, still  new creative quarter of London,      Through the creative/coolness of
has the pull of combining historic        with CSM next door, the re-          the area it provides an audience
architecture with a premium               development attracts a premium,      that actively seeks immersive,
lifestyle.                                creative audience.                   design driven experiences.
BATTERSEA
POWER
STATION

Battersea contains the right mix of cultural
credibility and commercial footfall. The
audience aligns perfectly with our Early
Modern Achievers, young, design literate, and
socially active, they film and share small
moments, meaning our reach grows.

Plus, these are people who already treat coffee
as part of their day to day lives, a space that's
premium without feeling too exclusive.

It also allows potential for a longer-term
partnership.

Crucially, Battersea is a destination, not a pass
through, meaning conscious consumers will
pass through and not hordes of tourists.
